yo what's up guys I'm showing you guys a
new knife for me and actually to the
market a little bit show you right here
if you haven't already seen from the
knife itself there we go
zero 566 block wash hinder black g10
zoom back out this is a really cool
knife that the box that comes in built
like a tank TT this is the standard box
I think is their newer one also just
basically said it's a robust knife
everywhere so that's it inside just
comes you know just with the standard a
chi information sheet about opening the
knives and stuff but here's the blade
let's get this out of the way this knife
is extremely cool basically when I got
it before I got it I wanted I wanted to
0 560 for a long time
and I just I held it and store once I I
thought it was a little too big so I
passed on it and then waited saw this
got it cuz it was smaller I'm I've been
loving it a lot it's a really cool knife
but after having this now because this
is a little bigger than most just normal
EDC knives so I also recently got the
paramilitary 2 and you can see it's a
little longer than the 66 just a little
bit and after getting all these kinda
more bigger size because I mean some
people like a normal EVC size blade I
mean I don't even have any by me because
all the ones that I have by me that I
like or bigger EDC knives mean it's
probably the smallest one that I'm gonna
review soon no it's actually more of a
big one too that's another Kershaw this
one's pretty cool but I just like a
bigger EDC knife so after getting this
and having the more bigger one now I
kind of want even more bigger ones so
after getting this because I didn't want
this Euro 560 now I'm gonna be ending up
getting that anyways I'm gonna get the
zero five six one I think with the tan
scale something it looks cooler but so
yeah this isn't in a review there's just
gonna be an overview just cousins a
newer knife give you some macro shots it
will focus but really nice looking block
watch all show
just the normal g10 so there's a 3d
machined g10 got your jumping down there
and on the liner are the lock bar your
top jumping the normals et jimping got a
lowrider pocket clip lock bar stabilizer
hinder design obviously and also check
that serial number it's actually a
fairly low 115 75 compared on some
others ETS have gotten that's actually
really low just because his black box
finish is fairly new I think to the M
the Z team line up so and can you can
get silver and black knives anywhere so
this black washers just kind of
different so I kind of wanted to go for
it you can see this is L max came razor
sharp a bunch of people were saying that
it did not come razor sharp that's false
back there is dead and the mine came
extremely sharp and if you see like I'm
trying to tell you I haven't used this
knife so it's not a review I'll show you
on a piece of paper so this thing did
come razor sharp won't let me get a
piece of paper really really sharp
that's out of the box haven't really cut
much with it I mean I've been easy
seeing it for a couple days but I just
this is more of a for I haven't got
enough used to want to say my true
opinions about it but overall just an
extremely cool knife I do recommend it
if you didn't want to if you love the
looks of the 0 560 but a couldn't afford
it because this is cheaper or B you
didn't want the size which I mean a lot
of people like smaller nitrate you see
so this is a excuse me this is
definitely a better more practical
option I guess you can sit in the 60
here's the pair of two just to give it
again I don't know if already showed you
this but for comparison for size so
I mean it's it's a no case it's a medium
folder for EDC so yeah give you one more
look at the finish the black wash finish
right there
zero 566 black wash indoor design us al
Max got black wash and this isn't
titanium that's the only problem but to
keep that price lower which isn't that
much lower right now you can get 0-5 60s
for 200 bucks on Amazon I know there
used to be more but this is only $144 so
it's only a $50 price point but I mean
guess that is a lot of money it's not
that much smaller but it doesn't have
that titanium either so and big thing
this knife is assisted and said to the
bearings at the zero 560 ran on PC and
says no it doesn't say speed safe on the
knife but so that's one thing you can
see right here there is the resistance
to close you can do cyst it it does have
a a d-10 role so you can de assist it if
you would like I did it and I didn't
really like it with this knife some
people said it was really nice and it
looked really smooth on the videos but
mine just wasn't I in order to get 0
blade play it was too tight to flip out
good and it was really slow so through
the assist back in works good some kind
of end up buying the 0 560 kinda have
both of these this is the more of my
smaller EDC and that one is more of my
bigger one my high end because that
things just really nice it really is a
3d machine the titanium all that so but
yeah so that's just my overview this
blade I will do a full review let me
show you right there I've got the big
lanyard hole but I will do a full on
review of this pretty soon probably in a
week or so after I get a little more use
out of it and so yeah that's pretty much
it please comment rate subscribe and see
you later alright